feat: first draft adding marketing and SWE roles (#325)
shorebirdtech/website: src/pages/jobs.md

# Open Positions

- [Developer Relations / Marketing Lead](#developer-relations--marketing-lead)

> - [Generalist Software Engineer](#generalist-software-engineer)

Reviewer: I'd pull Generalist out of the title. I don't think thats what someone would put on their LinkedIn

also (and are encouraged to) hop on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/shorebird)
and chat with us there. We do pretty much everything in the public so you can
very much see what we're like without even needing to apply.

> ## Developer Relations / Marketing Lead

Reviewer: For marketing/posting reasons, wondering if each of these should be a sub page so we can have actual unique URL's for them.

> ## Developer Relations / Marketing Lead

Author: Do you have a suggestion as to which?

craft our story and tell it widely. You love talking to developers, you love
writing content, giving talks etc and you’ll have full support to do what it
takes to raise awareness. At a small company this is a generalist role. You
don’t have to be amazing at all parts of developer relations or marketing, but
no one else is here to do things if one of us doesn’t.

### What You’ll Do

- Grow developer awareness. Craft and execute strategies to get Shorebird in
  front of more Flutter developers.

- Grow our social presence. Own and operate Shorebird’s social presence across
  all channels.

- Write and speak. Publish technical blog posts, create videos or live demos,
  speak at conferences, and engage with the community on X, GitHub, Reddit, and
  beyond.

- Advocate for Flutter and Shorebird. Shorebird only succeeds if Flutter does.
  You get to tell both stories to customers at all phases of their adoption
  journey.

- Build relationships. Identify and support influential Flutter developers and
  early adopters.

- Close the loop. Bring insights from the community back to the team to inform
  product direction.

> - Own marketing. From website content to email campaigns to positioning, you’ll

Reviewer: This should be the first bullet point

  the first person fulltime driving awareness and will get to define our
  strategy and approach.

- Scrappy and self-driven. You are the marketing department. You are our DevRel
  org. You’ll have lots of help, but you’ll have to want to make your own
  decisions and own them. You’ll also (likely) be fully remote which means you
  need to be great at self motivation and self-direction.

- Experience working in Developer Relations, Product Marketing, or Technical
  Advocacy — or strong proof you can do the job.

- Strong writing and communication skills. You enjoy breaking down complex
  topics for different audiences.

- Comfort with code. You don’t need to be an expert Flutter dev, but you can
  read docs, run sample apps, and maybe write a working blog demo.

- Bonus: experience in startups, open-source communities, or the Flutter
  ecosystem.

### Why Join

- Work directly with a small, senior team solving hard, high-impact problems.

- Influence product, messaging, and strategy from the ground up.

- Competitive compensation \+ early equity.

- Shape the future of how mobile apps are built and shipped.

## Generalist Software Engineer

> Location: Remote or Chicago / Brooklyn / Palo Alto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location: Remote, candidates based in Chicago, Brooklyn, or Palo Alto are especially encouraged to apply.
```

Reviewer: Or combine this with the location block you have at the bottom. Doesn't make sense to repeat

We’re looking for a generalist software engineer to join us early. You’ll work
across the stack: cloud infrastructure, backend APIs, web UI, and maybe even

> native C++ or Flutter internals. We write almost everything in Dart, just like
> Flutter itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
native C++ or Flutter internals. We primarily write in Dart, but are also
comfortable with Typescript, C++, and bash scripting.
```
